# Automatic-Test-Pattern-Generator-tool
Approximate computing is widely used in the areas which require huge computation and the accuracy need not to be hundred percent. So approximate computing provides a trade off between regorous computing and accuracy. As a result various hardwares and accelerators are proposed using approximate computing. During the manufacturing of these circuits some faulty circuits could be produced. To test these circuits we require test pattern generation tools. In the market when these circuits are tested using conventional tools, these tools generates the test patterns for each and every fault in the circuit. So, unlike the conventional tools, a method is proposed which exploits the approximate nature of the circuit while testing. By employing this method yield of manufaturing the circuit can be incresed. It allows us to significantly reduce the number of faults to be tested, and test time also reduces accordingly, without sacrificing the output quality or test coverage.

In this note we have described about our work.

Folder: approximate_adder-
In this folder there are 4 files. 
a)Verilog file for approximate adder circuit
b)Test patterns for approximate adder circuit
other two files are used for generating test pattrens.

Folder: approximate_multiplier
In this folder there are 4 files. 
a)Verilog file for approximate multiplier circuit
b)Test patterns for approximate multiplier circuit
other two files are used for generating test pattrens.

Folder: conventional atpg
this folder contains 4 files
a) approximate adder in the .bench format
b) approximate multiplier in the .bench format
c) test patterns generated by ATALANTA tool for both circuits

Folder: proposed Atpg tool
this folder contains the code for proposed tool.



Process to run files in folder :proposed Atpg tool



1)We carried out our work in linux ( ubuntu 18.04 LTS “Bionic Beaver” ) operating system.
2)run 'sudo apt install yosys' in terminal to install yosys
3)run 'sudo apt install picosat' in terminal to install picosat
4)In the current working directory i.e (proposed atpg tool) run 'chmod 777 atpgtool'
5)run 'sudo apt-get install -y tcl-dev' to install tcl pacakage
6)copy approx_mul.v or approx_addr.v file in working directory
7}To generate test pattrens for multiplier ckt run './atpgtool approx_mul.v 5 4'
8}To generate test pattrens for adder ckt run './atpgtool adder_mul.v 11 8'
